OK so let's start creating this components are going to reload the page.
I'm just going to show you what we have.
And if I scroll down it's just going to do that tiny animation and pretty much what we have.
It's just an image and a text that's going to be a link.
So it's something really really simple.
If you think about it really only two elements for this or three if you count the key which is going
to be the ID.
It's not really really hard.
So let's go to the right here to the DVD that Jason let's check what data we have for this.
If we go to the home right here to the home you can have the slider and then you have something that
it's going to be called blocks inside blocks.
We have an ID for each element.
You can have a type and the type.
It's going to be the the class that we're going to append right here.
So if this this element is going to be LG which is large it's going to be of course large.
We're going to add a class for this.
If it's M.D which is medium you can have the medium and if it's small you can have small size.
You can set pretty much everything.
The hard work right here is going to be from the C Ss you're going to do all the animations and everything
else directly from CSSA.
So what else do we have we have the image.
OK so that it's inside the folder images folder.
You can have a title and you can have a link Whenever we just click on this.
It's going to should be taking us to a new section.
You're not going to do that of course.
OK.
So let's start building this interest closer to the Jason.
I'm going to go to home.
So is this going to be a new section.
I'm going to create a new component.
I'm going to say import export and import blocks.
I'm going to call it blocks from and then just dart for Slash and blocks get.
We didn't have that component.
Let's go to the components folder and create one for this.
It's going to be blocks non-jazz
block.
Let's make it blocks.
So I'm going to go two blocks and I'm going to start creating all the things that we bring here so you
can start small.
You're going to import react react from react.
Right.
So this component is just going to handle the image and link.
So we didn't need a class component.
So I'm going to bring components from here I'm going to go right here and I'm going to create the component
for this.
So it's going to be Kunst and blocks this blocks is going to receive some data.
So we will just create a function and this component is going to receive some prompts.
So we have returned some jazz acts.
And for now we're going to just return blocks so we can make sure that everything is working blocks
that we need to make this component available.
So I'm going to say export default.
And then just blocks.
Right.
So going to go to Home says we have it right here going to go to the bottom to the render.
And I'm going to go and just call the blocks right there go to our application reload the page and we
get blocks.
So get it working now.
The blocks component is going to receive the data we have on the Jason database so we can create the
components.
So we need to pass some prompts just like we did with the slides.
So the information of this is going to be inside this that state that home.
Remember if you go to the Jason.
Everything is going to be on their home.
And we have the slider and then the blocks.
So what we can do we can pass prompts this that stayed at home that blocks just like we did before.
So I'm going to call the call this prompts blocks know access and so.
I'm going to pass this that stayed home that blocks Burguet.
So if I go to here and cons lock locks can the prompts.
You should be getting that data to say prompts here.
Just check the council I have right here and we get the props.
So we get the blocks.
That's good.
So we have the data so we can loop this and create what we want.
We're going to close for now and I'm going to go back right here two blocks.
So OK so now this blocks is going to receive some prompts.
So I'm going to just delete the console log.
You know we don't need it.
And inside blogs are going to call to a function that is going to iterate over the list over the Jason
and just return the blocks that.
So I'm going to call a function.
I'm going kind of ask because we already did this many many times and it called generated and then blocks.
So this one is going to pass some props which is the actual data we have right to add a class name to
this.
It's going to be class name and the class name is going to be home blocks.
Right right here the top you can create a function that is going to grab this prompts and just do something.
Now I'm going to do this for now.
Konst and call the generate blocks.
This one is going to receive some prompts of course and then it's going to run a function.
Now what we can begin to loop is going to be whatever it's inside prompts that blocks.
So what we can do we can use destructuring and access blocks directly right.
Since whenever this component loads and loads of blocks and so it prompts is going to be empty.
We need to add a conditional that is going to check if we have data and if we do get it run the map.
Now there is a different thing right now.
Whenever we go we're here just reload the page from the top.
And if I just scroll down we have this tiny animation.
This animation is going to be handled not entirely by us is going to be.
It's going to what we're going to use re-act reveal.
Remember we install this so the reac reveal is going to use two main things they reveal from from re-act
reveal and then it uses some success to do some animations.
So what we need to do we need to add this right here.
Right.
So just get a copy of this I'm going to say important reveal from Briac reveal and then just animate
that CSSA and just delete this.
Now we're going to use more and more thing.
This may just make it smaller.
This this Elon's right here.
It's going to be a link.
So we need to use link from re-act router.
So I'm going to import it right now so we can have it available in just a couple minutes.
I say import link from and then just react.
Router Dom get that's fine.
So now what do we need to do.
We need to grab this blocks and we need to map over it.
So we're going to start right now.
I'm going to say return beginning at.
We're going to start.
I'm sorry.
Enter two blocks.
And we're going to map right.
So this map is going to take an item on each iteration and then it's going to just run a function right.
So this on each iteration we want to return some jazz acts.
So I'm going to say return and we will add all the code inside return.
You know this.
So now whenever we use a dependency just like this we need to wrap everything inside the reveal that
we are bringing right here.
So if you check right here going to have reveal and then just the effect that we want to get.
So I'm going to go right here and create a reveal right here.
It's going to copy write so we say we we'll open close.
Sorry let's go back and just reveal right.
So inside reveal whatever we put right here whatever code we put right here is going to just trigger
an animation.
Now the animation that begin to use and you can have just a list of all the animations right here if
you go to the documentation going to use something that is going to be effective and that is the prompt
that we need to pass to reveal.
So it's going to be a fact and the fact first starts out as animated.
That's the first one.
And then we need to set to specify which kind of animation you want to use.
So it's going to be phased in up.
And this enemy can comes from any inmate that's ISIS.
If you just read the documentation you have a link where you can see the different right here different
types of animations that you can get.
You have bounce you have whatever you can have.
A lot of animations.
Let's get.
So let me just go back to go back to the project.
Right.
So we want to just triggered this with the effect.
Now each reveal is going to just have a key scene.
We are mapping overhead.
The act is going to ask us to give a key says the key is going to be inside item that Id say item that
I.D..
Now just check I'm going to add some dummy text and run this and see what we are getting.
So it's going to working.
So now what we need to do we need to ride pretty much everything else right here.
And the problem is that for example like it's all before you can have different types of widths for
each block.
And we need to bring this to the from the database and just put the classes right here.
Let's go to the next section because this one went along and just do that.